feat(): Add dart CLI template (#431)
VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_cli: README.md

    --project-name            The project name for this new project. This must be a valid dart package name.
    --desc                    The description for this new project.
                              (defaults to "A Very Good Project created by Very Good CLI.")

>     --executable-name         Used by the dart_cli template, the the CLI executable name (defaults to the project name)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --executable-name         Used by the dart_cli template, the CLI executable name (defaults to the project name)
```

>     --executable-name         For the dart_cli template only, the name for the CLI executable (defaults to the project name)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --executable-name         Used by the dart_cli template, the the CLI executable name (defaults to the project name)
```

# Create a new Dart package named my_dart_package
very_good create my_dart_package -t dart_pkg --desc "My new Dart package"

> # Create a new Dart CLI package named my_dart_cli
> very_good create my_dart_cli -t dart_cli --desc "My new Dart CLI package"
> 
> # Create a new Dart CLI package named my_dart_cli with a custom executable name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Create a new Dart CLI application named my_dart_cli
very_good create my_dart_cli -t dart_cli --desc "My new Dart CLI package"

# Create a new Dart CLI application named my_dart_cli with a custom executable name
```
